the military is broken into levels of command leadership and %HESITATION
to some degree privilege and those go all the way through all the
range so they're all kinds of officers for instance when you were first
to list the first three pay grades are the for instance in the
army of private private first class sorts of things %HESITATION in the
ring for you should start out as a private in your private first
class and lance corporal in the navy you started out as a seaman recruit
the seaman apprentice seamen but beyond that and your petty officer
in the navy or the non commissioned officer in the army so your
%HESITATION petty officer third class chief petty officer in the army
you might be a corporal or sergeant in the or a sergeant major finally
when you get done then there's a group in between the non commissioned
officers in the commission officers call warrant officers and
they typically our technical experts who've gotten there weren't
to be an officer so they can do their technical work that requires a
high level of skill in some responsibility but not as much as commission
officer %HESITATION in during the Vietnam War for instance of
people who were trained as helicopter pilots usually remain warrant
officers %HESITATION rather than commission officers who flew the larger
craft so that's another group and then the group do you usually
think of as officers like if you talk about officers you generally
mean commissioned officers and their number ways to become a commissioned
officer the most common we know no one is to go to one of the
military academies about a quarter of the officers get their commission
that way very very difficult very competitive get into that in the
%HESITATION not usually available to see everybody but if you're
really the smartest kid in your high school and the athletic champion
your high school you might give it a shot and see if you can do it
%HESITATION then there are other all through programs like the ROTC
program that's available at most large universities %HESITATION where
the military will pay you to go to a civilian school in the in trade
for which you do %HESITATION drill one zero a week and take a one
courses semester in military subjects and they that's pretty good
way to get through school you can go to a pretty expensive school in
the government will pay for it that gives you a commission as well
%HESITATION then the next way is what's called officer candidate school
if you've gone to college already and you have a technical degree
or degrees it's useful for the military %HESITATION they can take
you in as an enlisted man basically but since you lost your candidate
school where you're treated as an officer and you go through and if
you graduate you become an officer and then you can go on into the
ranks as a commissioned officer %HESITATION the last weight is if you're
really top notch enlisted person and you've got the degree on
your own usually an advanced degree then you have a shot at a direct
commission you can just ask the navy or the army or the airforce the
marine corps should not be an officer and they should do the selection
board if you're picked because you're not only smart but you've
got a degree and you've shown command characteristics in the can commission
%HESITATION destined to happen and that's another good way
%HESITATION to get a commission but remember that a lot of it mostly
people have very high level grease when I was in cryptology there are
more chief petty officers with PhD said there were commissioned officers
with PhD a lot more so there a lot of very educated %HESITATION
chiefs for one reason or another didn't want to be or could be a
monster one chief I knew had a physical problem that didn't washing
out of being in the navy but would allow him to accept a commission
so there are a lot of different ways to get it to be in office